Fundamentals restructuring (#10929)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/host/generic-host.md

---
title: .NET Generic Host
author: guardrex

> description: Learn about Generic Host in .NET, which is responsible for app startup and lifetime management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about ASP.NET Core's Generic Host, which is responsible for app startup and lifetime management.
```

## Introduction

> the Generic Host library is available in the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting> namespace and provided by the [Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting/) package. The `Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting` package is included in the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.App metapackage](xref:fundamentals/metapackage-app) (ASP.NET Core 2.1 or later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Generic Host library is available in the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting> namespace and provided by the [Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting/) package. The `Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting` package is included in the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.App metapackage](xref:fundamentals/metapackage-app) (ASP.NET Core 2.1 or later).
```
